chore: update README.md (#329)
synapseweb3/relayer: README.md

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg?logo=apache)](LICENSE)

> Forcerelay is an IBC-Compatible bridge that aims to open up the Nervos ecosystem and the Cosmos ecosystem, and it also serves as a standard cross-chain solution within the Nervos ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forcerelay is an IBC-Compatible bridge that aims to connect the Nervos ecosystem and the Cosmos ecosystem, and it also serves as a standard cross-chain solution within the Nervos ecosystem.
```

> Forcerelay is built on [Hermes](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes), this means we will keep continue to track and update the latest version of Hermes, and won't stop it on any specific old version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forcerelay is built on [Hermes](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes), and will continuously adapt to newer `Hermes` versions.
```

At present, Forcerelay exclusively supports Axon, CKB, and Cosmos-SDK chains, prioritizing their seamless operation. While it currently doesn't encompass other well-established EVM chains, such as Ethereum, Arbitrum, and BSC, this is primarily due to the intricacies of running a light-client from these chains on EVM. Nevertheless, our roadmap includes plans for implementing mainstream EVM chains, and we'll keep you informed on our progress in this regard.

## Progress Tracking

> Forcerelay is actively under development, and we welcome any issues and pull requests. Here's an overview of our current progress:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forcerelay is under active development, and we welcome any issues and pull requests. Here's an overview of our current progress:
```

||Mainnet|Testnet|
|-|-|-|
|connection|WIP|WIP|
|channel|WIP|WIP|
|packet|WIP|WIP|
|utility|WIP|WIP|
|escrow|WIP|WIP|

### Business Module Registration
When deploying the Solidity contract on Axon, an initial ICS20 transfer module is automatically registered in `OwnableIBCHandler` on port `port-0` during the contract migration process. This registration is open to all users. For detailed instructions on how to register your own business module, visit [ibc-solidity-contract](https://github.com/synapseweb3/ibc-solidity-contract) repository.

Unlike Axon, business modules cannot be registered directly with a contract on CKB. To address this, we have introduced [forcerelay-ckb-sdk](https://github.com/synapseweb3/forcerelay-ckb-sdk), designed to facilitate the distribution and calling of custom modules.

It's important to note that the IBC port on CKB corresponds to the `LOCK_HASH` of your wallet cell on CKB, which we will refer to as `WALLET_LOCK_HASH` for future use.

### Installation and Setting

> We recommand you to download the pre-compiled binary, or you can compile mannully from the source code, which requires `Rust ^v1.56.0` installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommand you to download the pre-compiled binary, or you can compile mannully from the source code, which requires `Rust ^v1.72.0` installed:
```
